---
page_title: "connection_tracking_options"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This represents the set of Connection Tracking settings, which enables connection tracking. The firewall allows or discards packets according to the selected Connection Tracking mode. Reply packets are allowed as part of the allowed connection without an explicit Access rule. Protocols that use a dynamic port assignment must be allowed using a Service with the appropriate Protocol Agent for that protocol (in Access rules and NAT rules).
---

# connection_tracking_options (Nested-Attribute)

This represents the set of Connection Tracking settings, which enables connection tracking. The firewall allows or discards packets according to the selected Connection Tracking mode. Reply packets are allowed as part of the allowed connection without an explicit Access rule. Protocols that use a dynamic port assignment must be allowed using a Service with the appropriate Protocol Agent for that protocol (in Access rules and NAT rules).




## Simple Attributes
- `dst_limit` (Number) The Destination Connection Limit setting for DoS (denial of service) attack protection. This allows you to set a maximum limit for the number of total open connections from or to a single IP address at any one time. You can select between Discard (silent drop) and Refuse (with ICMP error message) as the Action that is applied to new connections if the limit is reached. These limits are enforced by rules that have their Action set to Allow, Continue, or Use IPsec VPN (all actions Apply/Enforce/Forward included). Be careful to apply the concurrent connection limits correctly for the types of communication that this rule handles to avoid cutting off connections unnecessarily.
- `dst_limit_action` (String) The Destination Connection Limit Action setting for DoS (denial of service) attack protection. This allows you to select between Discard (silent drop) and Refuse (with ICMP error message) as the Action that is applied to new connections if the limit is reached.
- `mss_enforced` (Boolean) Indicates whether the MSS (Maximum Segment Size) is enforced.
- `mss_enforced_max` (Number) The Maximum Enforced MSS (Maximum Segment Size) in bytes. Headers are not included in the MSS value; MSS concerns only the payload portion of the packet. This is used to set a maximum size for TCP packets.
- `mss_enforced_min` (Number) The Minimum Enforced MSS (Maximum Segment Size) in bytes. Headers are not included in the MSS value; MSS concerns only the payload portion of the packet. This is used to set a minimum size for TCP packets.
- `src_limit` (Number) The Source Connection Limit setting for DoS (denial of service) attack protection. This allows you to set a maximum limit for the number of total open connections from or to a single IP address at any one time. You can select between Discard (silent drop) and Refuse (with ICMP error message) as the Action that is applied to new connections if the limit is reached. These limits are enforced by rules that have their Action set to Allow, Continue, or Use IPsec VPN (all actions Apply/Enforce/Forward included). Be careful to apply the concurrent connection limits correctly for the types of communication that this rule handles to avoid cutting off connections unnecessarily.
- `src_limit_action` (String) The Source Connection Limit Action setting for DoS (denial of service) attack protection. This allows you to select between Discard (silent drop) and Refuse (with ICMP error message) as the Action that is applied to new connections if the limit is reached.
- `state` (String) The Connection Tracking mode, which can be 'no', 'loose', 'normal', or 'strict'. This determines how the firewall handles connection tracking for TCP, ICMP, and UDP traffic. 'no': if Strict Connection Tracking for TCP has been enabled in the firewall engine properties, it handles TCP traffic as in the Strict mode. Otherwise, the firewall handles TCP, ICMP, and UDP traffic as in the Normal mode; 'loose': allows some connection patterns and address translation operations that are not allowed in the Normal mode. Can be used, for example, if routing is asymmetric and cannot be corrected or if the use of dynamic routing protocols cause the firewall to receive non-standard traffic patterns; 'normal': this is the default Connection Tracking Mode for firewalls. The firewall drops ICMP error messages related to connections that are not currently active in connection tracking (unless explicitly allowed by a rule in the policy). A valid, complete TCP handshake is required for TCP traffic. The firewall checks the traffic direction and the port parameters of UDP traffic. If the Service cell in the rule contains a Service that uses a Protocol Agent, the firewall also validates TCP and UDP traffic on the application layer. If a protocol violation occurs, the connection is dropped; 'strict': allows only TCP traffic that strictly adheres to the TCP standard as defined in RFC 793. The firewall also checks the sequence numbers of the packets in pre-connection establishment states and for RST and FIN packets, and drops packets that are out of sequence. If the Service cell in the rule contains a Service that uses a Protocol Agent, the firewall also validates the traffic on the application layer. If a protocol violation occurs, the connection is dropped.
- `sync_connections` (Boolean) Indicates whether the synchronization of connection information between firewall cluster nodes is enabled. Disabling this reduces the traffic volume on the active heartbeat interface, but prevents transparent failover of connections to other nodes.
- `timeout` (Number) The Connection Tracking Timeout in seconds after which inactive connections are closed. This timeout concerns only idle connections. Connections are not cut because of timeouts while the hosts are still communicating. This setting overrides the default idle timeouts set in the Firewall properties. Caution! Do not set long timeouts for many connections, as each connection that is kept active consumes resources on the firewall. Setting excessive timeouts for a large number of connections may lead to serious performance problems. Generally, the idle timeout should not be more than a few minutes at most.


