---
page_title: "antispoofing_node"
subcategory: "routing"
description: |-
  This represents an Antispoofing Node in the Security Management Client, which is used to protect against malicious packages with altered IP header information.
---

# antispoofing_node (Nested-Attribute)

This represents an Antispoofing Node in the Security Management Client, which is used to protect against malicious packages with altered IP header information.




## Simple Attributes
- `auto_generated` (String) Indicates whether the Antispoofing configuration was autogenerated by the system.
- `comment` (String) An optional comment for the element. This field is not required.
- `dynamic_classid` (String) The Dynamic Type of the associated element, such as 'interface', 'modem_interface', 'adsl_interface', 'network', 'gateway', or 'netlink'.
- `dynamic_ipv6` (Boolean) Indicates whether the dynamic element is IPv6 or not. By default, it is not IPv6.
- `dynamic_nicid` (String) The Dynamic Interface ID of the associated Physical Interface, required for dynamic interface levels.
- `href` (String) This is a base class for objects that can be stored in the database. It includes properties such as key, comment, and links.
- `ip` (String) The IP address of the Routing/Antispoofing, required in case of secondary IP Addresses.
- `level` (String) The level of the Routing/Antispoofing, such as 'engine_cluster', 'interface', 'network', 'gateway', or 'any'.
- `name` (String) Name of the object.
- `nic_id` (String) The Interface ID of the associated Physical Interface, required in case of Interface level.
- `related_element_type` (String) The type of the related element.
- `validity` (String) The validity status of the Antispoofing configuration, which can be 'disable', 'enable', or 'absolute'.

## Nested Attributes
- `antispoofing_node` (List of Blocks, see [here](attr_antispoofing_node.md)) A list of Antispoofing child nodes, which represent individual antispoofing configurations for interfaces.

## Readonly Attributes
- `key` (Number) The unique identifier for the element. This field is required for updates but not for creation.
- `link` (List of Blocks, see [here](attr_api_link.md)) The API's links of the element, providing additional actions or resources.
- `read_only` (Boolean) Indicates whether the view node is read-only or not.
- `system` (Boolean) Indicates whether the view node is a system node or not.
